add some question for Vue.JS (#25)
alibaba-aero/technical-interview: frontend/vue/questions/vue.md

# Vue.js

* What's Vue.js?
* What's Prop component?
* What's reactivity in Vue.js?
* What's state management?
* Describe lifecycle hooks in Vue.js?

> * Describe different between v-if and v-show?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Describe the difference between `v-if` and `v-show`?
```

* What are the most essential elements of the State Management Pattern?
* Explain how to use $parent?
* How do you verify if a mutation occurs?

> * What are the benefits of using Vue CLI?

Reviewer: I think this question needs to be asked in the form of talking about the benefits in certain use cases.

Author: In the interview, any question may be asked, in some cases these questions have been seen.
